Hello friends today I'll show you how
get by mating another dragon
special dragon breeding sectors
city is about the meteor dragon for
to be able to get this dragon you have to
have the breeding sanctuary on level 5
or higher and turn off two dragons that
contain the elements of the dragon
meteor the meteor dragon is a dragon
special elemental tri of the elements
fire earth and dark and to get it
easily I recommend the
next formula that is paired
combine the dragon land with the dragon
dark fire both in the sanctuary of
breed level 5 or higher and you will get the
dragon meteor shinobi that's why they do not have
of these dragons
you can use the other formulas of the
friends page for dragon city that
they are also super effective, well, let's go
to dragon city and I have here to give birth
to these two dragons that I already told you
previously it is the earth dragon with him
with dark fire and if when beating and these
two salt dragons in 12 hours is
because the meteor dragon is going to come out
since that is the mating time
to get this special dragon already
the 12 hours went by
they need and we're going to end the
mating to see the result you
we click on the breeding sanctuary
and as you can see the dragon came out
meteoro the only thing that needs to be done now
is to wait for the 16 hours that are needed
so that it finishes hatching remember
that this dragon takes time to mate in 12
hours
but late in explosion at 16 hours
good friends, I hope you too
achieve without complication to
this dragon city special dragon for
add it to your dragon collection
dragon city specials good friends
I hope you liked the video
I hope they subscribe to the channel and
remember that to get the dragon
Meteor the only thing they have to do
is to appear or combine the earth dragon
with the dark fire dragon both in the
senior level 5 breeding sanctuary and they
the dragon will come meteor good friends
subscribe to the channel to have all the
Dragon city news soon
I will keep uploading more combinations for
get more special dragons from
breeding sanctuary and I hope you get a
like
I like the video please many
thanks for your time and we see each other very
soon in a new video